Improvement: #13420 - Update logic of nodes._check_initialpaths_for_relpath (#13448)
pytest-dev/pytest: changelog/13420.improvement.rst

> Update logic of ``nodes._check_initialpaths_for_relpath``

Reviewer: This should be user focused instead of mentioning the internals

> Improves test collection performance by optimizing path resolution used in ``FSCollector``
> 
> * updates ``nodes._check_initialpaths_for_relpath`` to reduce the number of expensive relative path calculations

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Improved test collection performance by optimizing path resolution used in ``FSCollector``.
```
